[Identity] Deprecate UsernamePasswordCredential (#33136)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

### Other Changes

> - Deprecated `UsernamePasswordCredential`. This credential does not support multifactor authentication (MFA) which is required by Microsoft Entra ID for most authentication scenarios. [#33136](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/33136)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `UsernamePasswordCredential`, as it doesn't support multifactor authentication (MFA). MFA will soon be enforced on all Microsoft Entra tenants. For more details, see [Planning for mandatory MFA](https://aka.ms/mfaforazure). [#33136](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/33136)
```
